hey guys keep your own fishing creek
outdoors here we have a very very
special unboxing today um I didn't know
if we all know it was coming I surely
didn't but it did and it's here I think
I'm only the third person on YouTube
with an unboxing of this if that gives
you a hint of what it possible is give
you a second to think of what it could
possibly be from the third person on
YouTube with an unboxing of this give me
a second anyway
the Shimano Corrado 200 I this is the
brand-new harmonica righto I this is the
200 series in the right hand model
already open it messed around with it
didn't get it out of the box is actually
wait for that just at easy a little bit
in the box it obviously comes with all
your directions and manual stuff and
then it comes to extra replacement those
and real lube oil now to the special
part the Shimano Corrado I it is a super
super small real it's not super super
small but it's pretty small it's got I
think you guys will love this
this wants to spin and spin and spin it
has ex ship you can see there it has
extra micro module gearing um STS
infinity braking system which almost all
Shimano reels have it's got s 3d um two
stainless to your ball bearings and one
roller bearing you gotta have these
power handles I mean what I'm using this
for it's like swim jigs and you're just
gonna have that big power handle to get
it in on your cross drag system which is
that it's kind of new it's a
cool-looking design um the super stop
for anti reverse a lot of older wheels
the reel will come backwards a little
bit on you like yeah I'm moving it
really hard and it won't come back like
a lot of the older girls they'll move on
you and they'll come back a little bit
but this is anti reverse Shimano
variable brakes just so much that's me
actually
SVC um action extra just makes this more
powerful and a lot smoother XF is
basically there's a micro module gearing
system in here in this reel and that
makes it smoother and a lot tougher more
durable and more powerful Alma has quick
fire clutch bar Ostrom honors have that
this is the 200 just the regular 200
searched the right hand um it has a 6 3
to 1 gear ratio way 7.4 ounces and 4
line capacity with power probe rated for
30 pound it holds 190 50 120 and 65 80
yards once again it's a very smooth real
small real it is a sexy sexy sexy
looking real I'm
mean it doesn't have that infinity
breaks the VBS on the outside here it
has it but it's inside it's got this new
out kick design looking thing looks
sweet so yeah and then it's open this up
we're gonna there's a little switch here
okay this is open up there throw that up
sad slate pops off and it holds right
there a lot of people just take it off
but I don't like to do that um you can
see the braking system in there it has a
lot smaller bar things in there and you
know you can't really lose them in order
to on is kicked up like that they're on
if they're kicked up like that and
they're off if they're down like that
and it's very easy you just have to
click them in and then just click them
out it's really easy to do but then to
put it back in it you have to line it up
and then you have to push this thing
back and then plus for that that
adjustment on the right here there's a
little knob thing and that leads for
fine more fine-tuning adjustment it has
little numbers on the side see there's
like
if it'll focus but there are little
numbers right there that you can see it
has a new reel seat design which it
doesn't scuff up your odd as much
overall it's just an amazing real super
smooth because that micro logical module
and ex ship and yeah
so that is the Shimano Corrado I I mean
this reel is just a absolute
sexy-looking reel it looks like a beast
and just amazing I recommend definitely
if you like the old Corrado's well
you're gonna like this even better but
uh
Kian from fishing think outdoors here
there will be a review video on this up
soon thanks for watching Shimano Corrado
I 206 3 2 1 gear ratio